atliberty_nottalking.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
benshapiro_datavpn_edited2.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
bestfriends_somenoise.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
brunch_badconfusing.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
brunch_nervous.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
candace_catchesher.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
candace_hugebusiness.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
candace_reallyinteresting.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
candace_thekids.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
cj_excited.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
codeswitch_lesslikely.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
codeswitch_needhelp.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
codeswitch_remind.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
coffeeconvos_best.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
coffeeconvos_prettygood.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
dykingout_afterwards.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
dykingout_alwaysbeenthere.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
dykingout_basics.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
dykingout_firstpodcast.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
dykingout_notlikeme.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
genderreveal_tenpercentoff.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
gettingcurious_intoit.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
gettingcurious_prize.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
gettingcurious_rinsing.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
homophilia_distance.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
homophilia_nolonger.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
homophilia_trynotdo.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
kirk_newstudio.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
lasculturistas_definitelyright.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
lasculturistas_somewhereelse.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
lasculturistas_somewhereelse.wav	0.99	0.07000000000000006	57.860740537111305	1510.8281796546082	1778.784886550343	1.8882562707202286	3.280487514110118
lasculturistas_thisyear.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
latinalatina_abouther.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
latinalatina_college.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
latinalatina_shifted.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
latinousa_adapt.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
latinousa_forgranted.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
latinousa_joy.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
likeavirgin_findlove.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
likeavirgin_girls.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
likeavirgin_journey.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
manenough_likeandfollow.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
manenough_mywork.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
mattwalsh_case.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
officeladies_break.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
officeladies_gladtohear.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
officeladies_team.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
pants_newperson.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
pants_perfectmedicine.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
queerified_beenaround.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
queery_environmentraised_edited.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
queery_learnmore_edited.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
queery_neededyears.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
songexploder_formyself.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
songexploder_youthink.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
stillprocessing_ignorethefact.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
stillprocessing_rightmoment.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
tmgw_fourblocks2.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
tmgw_togetherfriends.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
trixiekatya_perfectgift.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
trixiekatya_underdog.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
twobiguys_fascinating.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
twobiguys_readrecently.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
vcg_picnictable.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
vcg_team.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
wwydm_chattybunch.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
wwydm_threepeople.wav 	start	duration	intensity	cog	sdev	skew	kurt	
